h1. Vector Redraw of Sita Sings the Blues characters by Fabricio Zuardi

h2. Important Announcement/Update July-24-2009

Nina has provided some Flash files with lots of useful vectors!! \o/

So this project now will change focus, it will become more of 

h2. About Sita Sings the Blues

"Sita Sings the Blues":http://sitasingstheblues.com is an animated feature film created by "Nina Paley":http://www.ninapaley.com/ .

It is a wonderful movie based on the ancient Ramayana, it was released under a Creative Commons Share-Alike License and is available online, so if you still haven't seen it, stop everything and go there watch it!

h2. Why Redraw the characters? (old, see the July-24-2009 update/note at the beginning)

* SVG is a great open format, and the movie has awesome drawings, so a perfect match
* -At the moment of this writing, the Flash files were not yet available- (see the update note at the beginning)
* Trace bitmaps are sub-optimal
* I wanted clean and human-readable SVG files (view source is your friend)
* I wanted to train my "Inkscape":http://inkscape.org skills ;)
** check the "video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci26r8TJK4w

h2. License

Since the movie uses a "Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ license, I was able to do my redraw of Nina’s work without having to ask her for permission because she already granted permission for everyone to modify her work and release copies of derivative works like this, as long as they use the same license.

So, all vector drawings on this package, as well as the color palettes are released under the same license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ 

h2. Source

The vectors on this package used the "high quality Sita Sings the Blues Stills":http://www.archive.org/details/SitaStills released by Nina on Archive.org as guide and basis for the redrawing.

New files will use Nina's Flash files as the base source, see notice at the beginning.

h2. Contents

Each drawing has 3 files: an inkscape svg file, a plain svg file and an inkscape color palette you can throw in the "palettes" folder of your Inkscape to enable a new Color Swatch to use when editing that file.

h2. Updates and Contributions

We keep track of the changes and updates to this package at http://github.com/fczuardi/sita under the folder "vectors", this is a GIT repository, which means that you can pull recent changes to your machine, subscribe to the github RSS notifications to know when new files or updates are submitted, fork the whole project and suggest fixes, submit patches or request pulls. I would love to see this collection grow with the help of more people, please contribute :)

h2. Thanks

I wanted to thank once again Nina Paley for sharing her work, and you for downloading it.

Enjoy!

h2. Contact Information

Fabricio Campos Zuardi
Email – fabricio at fabricio dot org
Website — http://fabricio.org